Cribl Stream initial commit (#1801)
DataDog/integrations-extras: cribl_stream/README.md

## Setup
Cribl Stream now has the ability to expose internal metrics as a data source :http://docs.cribl.io/logstream/sources-cribl-internal/. If you are using Datadog to monitor your applications and infrastructure this data source will send Stream metrics to the Datadog API bypassing the agent. 

# Installation

### Datadog
Navigate to the _API Keys_ under _Organization Settings_ and create an API Key for use by Cribl to send data.

### Cribl
1. In Cribl, navigate to _Quick Connects_ and click the _+Add Source_ button. 
![step1](/images/cribl_dd_1.png)
2. Scroll down to _System Internal_ and hover over _Cribl Internal_ and select _Select Existing_ and enable both _CriblLogs_ and _CriblMetrics_  
 - Make sure that both sources have Quick Connect enabled instead of Routes
![step3](/images/cribl_dd_3.png)

3. Now, click on _+Add Destination_ button.
4. Scroll to the _Datadog_ tile and click _+Add New_
5. Give a name to the input (e.g. Cribl_Datadog) 
![step4](/images/cribl_dd_4.png)

> 6. Next, enter your _Datadog API Key_ and make sure your site is either _US_ or _Europe_  

Reviewer: Bumping this conversation with the following suggestion:

```suggestion
6. Next, enter your _Datadog API Key_ and select your Datadog site.
```

# Cribl Stream

## Overview

> [Cribl Stream][1] helps you process machine data – logs, instrumentation data, application data, metrics, and so on – in real time, and deliver it to your analysis platform of choice. It allows you to:

Reviewer: Can you please call out somewhere in the Overview section that this integration will be for on-prem customers only?

Author: Done, I added it to the readme.md under the Setup section.

- Add context to your data, by enriching it with information from external data sources.
- Help secure your data, by redacting, obfuscating, or encrypting sensitive fields.
- Optimize your data, per your performance and cost requirements.

> Use the out-of-the-box dashboard to view the performance of the Stream with base metrics like events per second, bytes per second, input types, output types, and infrastructure metrics. Monitor reduction percentages by events or bytes, which is useful for improving search performance or licensing and infrastructure costs for the systems of analysis.

Reviewer: To clarify - by reduction percentages, is this the amount of time/money/etc saved after data is optimized using Cribl? May be helpful to spell that out

Author: Updated the text in the overview to include calling that out. "Use the Datadog dashboard for Cribl Stream to monitor reduction percentages by events or bytes. This is useful for improving search performance or licensing and infrastructure costs for the systems of analysis."

# Cribl Stream

## Overview
[Cribl Stream][1] helps you process machine data – logs, instrumentation data, application data, metrics, and so on – in real time, and deliver it to your analysis platform of choice. It allows you to:

- Add context to your data, by enriching it with information from external data sources.
- Help secure your data, by redacting, obfuscating, or encrypting sensitive fields.
- Optimize your data, per your performance and cost requirements.

> Visualize your Cribl Stream metrics in Datadog with the out-of-the-box dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the out-of-the-box dashboard to view the performance of the Stream with base metrics like events per second, bytes per second, input types, output types, and infrastructure metrics. Monitor reduction percentages by events or bytes, which is useful for improving search performance or licensing and infrastructure costs for the systems of analysis.

```
Let's add this description to the Overview tab - it will not render properly under the Data Collected tab

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][5] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Events

The Cribl Stream integration does not include any events.

### Service Checks

The Cribl Stream integration does not include any service checks.

> ### Dashboards
> 
> Use the out-of-the-box dashboard to view the performance of the Stream with base metrics like events per second, bytes per second, input types, output types, and infrastructure metrics. Monitor reduction percentages by events or bytes, which is useful for improving search performance or licensing and infrastructure costs for the systems of analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Setup
You can send your Cribl Stream [internal metrics][6] to the Datadog API, allowing you to monitor your applications and infrastructure without the Datadog Agent. 

### Installation

#### Datadog

> Navigate to _API Keys_ under _Organization Settings_ and create an API Key for Cribl to send data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the [API Keys page][7] under Organization Settings and create an API Key for Cribl to send data.
```

#### Cribl
1. In Cribl, navigate to _Quick Connects_ and click the _+Add Source_ button. 
![step1](/images/cribl_dd_1.png)
2. Scroll down to _System Internal_ , hover over _Cribl Internal_ and choose _Select Existing_. Enable both _CriblLogs_ and _CriblMetrics_.  
    - **Note**: Both sources must have **Quick Connect** enabled instead of **Routes**.
![step3](/images/cribl_dd_3.png)

3. Click the _+Add Destination_ button.
4. Scroll to the _Datadog_ tile and click _+Add New_.
5. Give a name to the input (for example, Cribl_Datadog).
![step4](/images/cribl_dd_4.png)

6. Next, enter your _Datadog API Key_ and make sure your site is either _US_ or _Europe_  
7. Add any Datadog tags, a Message Field, Source, or Host information. For more information, see the [Cribl Datadog Destination documentation][3].
8. Click _Save_.
9. Select _Passthru_ to connect Cribl Metrics to your Datadog destination.
![step5](/images/cribl_dd_6.png)

![complete](/images/cribl_dd_5.png)

## Uninstallation

> Use the [delete dashboard][4] option within the Cribl Stream dashboard settings to delete the Cribl Stream dashboard.

Reviewer: Would this also stop metrics from being emitted to Datadog?

Author: Yes, this would stop sending data to Datadog if the destination is removed from the Cribl UI.

## Support

> Information about how and where to go for support for this integration.

Reviewer: Can you add support contacts from Cribl here, and a link to any relevant documentation?

Author: Yes, I added them to the page.

[1]: https://cribl.io/stream
[2]: https://docs.cribl.io/stream/sources-datadog-agent
[3]: https://docs.cribl.io/stream/destinations-datadog
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/#delete-dashboard
[5]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/cribl_stream/metadata.csv

> [6]: http://docs.cribl.io/logstream/sources-cribl-internal/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[6]: http://docs.cribl.io/logstream/sources-cribl-internal/
[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
```

# Cribl Stream

## Overview

> [Cribl Stream][1] helps you process machine data – logs, instrumentation data, application data, metrics, and so on – in real time, and deliver it to your analysis platform of choice. It allows you to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Cribl Stream][1] helps you process machine data–logs, instrumentation data, application data, metrics, and so on–in real time, and deliver it to your analysis platform of choice. It allows you to:
```

# Cribl Stream

## Overview

> [Cribl Stream][1] helps you process machine data – logs, instrumentation data, application data, metrics, and so on – in real time, and deliver it to your analysis platform of choice. It allows you to:

Reviewer: I just want to confirm that Cribl stream is the on-prem solution that we discussed?

Author: Correct, this will be for our self-hosted on-prem solution to start.

- Add context to your data, by enriching it with information from external data sources.
- Help secure your data, by redacting, obfuscating, or encrypting sensitive fields.

> - Optimize your data, per your performance and cost requirements.

Reviewer 3: The overview section should include: 

1. What Cribl does in 1-2 sentences 
2. What will customers get from this integration (This should be clear to mutual customers but also potential new customers) 
3. Types of data being sent to Datadog

Author: This section seems to have the appropriate information to satisfy the requirements. If additional information is needed, please let us know and we will respond.

Visualize your Cribl Stream metrics in Datadog with the out-of-the-box dashboard.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][5] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Events

The Cribl Stream integration does not include any events.

### Service Checks

The Cribl Stream integration does not include any service checks.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Dashboards

Use the out-of-the-box dashboard to view the performance of the Stream with base metrics like events per second, bytes per second, input types, output types, and infrastructure metrics. Monitor reduction percentages by events or bytes, which is useful for improving search performance or licensing and infrastructure costs for the systems of analysis.

## Setup
You can send your Cribl Stream [internal metrics][6] to the Datadog API, allowing you to monitor your applications and infrastructure without the Datadog Agent. 

### Installation

#### Datadog
Navigate to _API Keys_ under _Organization Settings_ and create an API Key for Cribl to send data.

> #### Cribl

Reviewer 3: OAuth instructions will go here - Once you have tested oauth, please add the steps here

Author: The self-hosted version of Cribl Stream will not be integrating with the OAuth requirement.

1. In Cribl, navigate to _Quick Connects_ and click the _+Add Source_ button. 
![step1](/images/cribl_dd_1.png)
2. Scroll down to _System Internal_ , hover over _Cribl Internal_ and choose _Select Existing_. Enable both _CriblLogs_ and _CriblMetrics_.  
    - **Note**: Both sources must have **Quick Connect** enabled instead of **Routes**.
![step3](/images/cribl_dd_3.png)

3. Click the _+Add Destination_ button.
4. Scroll to the _Datadog_ tile and click _+Add New_.
5. Give a name to the input (for example, Cribl_Datadog).
![step4](/images/cribl_dd_4.png)

6. Next, enter your _Datadog API Key_ and make sure your site is either _US_ or _Europe_  
7. Add any Datadog tags, a Message Field, Source, or Host information. For more information, see the [Cribl Datadog Destination documentation][3].
8. Click _Save_.
10. Select _Passthru_ to connect Cribl Metrics to your Datadog destination.
![step5](/images/cribl_dd_6.png)

![complete](/images/cribl_dd_5.png)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
